Proofread administration (#2681)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-23.10/connect/saml.md

  - Activate **Enable conditions on identity provider**.
  - Define which attribute will be used to validate the conditions.
  - In **Define authorized conditions values**, define which will be the authorized values returned.
    If you enter several values, all will have to be met for the condition to be validated. All users who try to connect
    with another value will be unable to log in.

### Step 4: Manage user creation

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Users automatic management" label="Automatic management">

If you turn on **Enable auto import**, users who log in to Centreon for the first time will be created in the Centreon

> configurations. (Turning the option on does not automatically import all users into your infrastructure.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configuration. (Turning the option on does not automatically import all users from your infrastructure.)
```
